hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft
this is a series where I teach English
while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up
off camera I did a lot of work on the
enchantment room
so I'm going to start this video by
showing you what I did
so let's turn around
turn around ta-da
it's the enchantment room
I finished building the roof
the roof
so look at the roof it's made out of
dirt
dirt it's a dirt roof
and the dirt doesn't look very good
so I'll show you why I built the roof
out of dirt a little bit later
for now I'm going to finish decorating
the outside of the enchantment room
I have
some bamboo fences
stairs
planks
uh sorry slabs these are slabs these are
planks planks slabs and some bamboo trap
doors right here
so I'm going to use these supplies to
decorate the outside of the enchantment
room
I think first I'm going to build a
little awning
right here
over the door okay so
I'll start by building an awning
like this
out of the slabs
and now I'll Place some stairs
right here
okay
and
we'll Place some fences on both sides
right there and right there
cool
the inside of the enchantment room is
still empty there's nothing inside
I still need to build the enchantment
table to place right here and the
bookshelves surrounding
the enchantment table
but I'll do that a little bit later
let's see over here
I'm going to place some trapdoors like
this
okay I like that
I'm going to place some glass up there
in that space
jump
all right and right here
cool
it's looking a little bit better
I'm going to build another awning
right here
so let's see
foreign
there we go I built an awning for this
side
okay so I need to build more bamboo
fences to put right here and right here
and
more trap doors for this side
okay I'm going to go back home
back
home
and sleep because it's night time and in
the morning I'm going to collect some of
this bamboo
and I'll build the fences and trapdoors
that I need to finish my enchanting room
all right back home
and let's go to sleep
coffee time
it's morning
first thing that I'm going to do today
is go upstairs let's go upstairs
and in this chest I have some Moss
I'm going to pick up the Moss
so in order to finish building the
enchanting room over there
I needed a lot of bamboo so I planted a
lot more bamboo I have bamboo right
there
and I planted more bamboo
over there and over there
so there's a lot of bamboo that I can
collect right now
this user told me that I can collect
bamboo a lot faster by using a sword
so
I'm going to try it
sword whoa
whoa they were right
look
that's pretty slow
but the sword
[Applause]
the sword is really fast
thank you to this user
[Applause]
parades
I'm going to pick up all of this bamboo
so much bamboo
and there's more bamboo right here
okay
I'll build some more fences
I'll build some more trap doors
I'll build a bamboo door
or I guess three bamboo doors so I'll
Place more trap doors on this side
there we go cool
and the fences over here
fences
all right
oops
I fell down
I'm going to collect some dirt
dirt
now I'm going to go up there on the roof
let's get out the dirt
jump jump
first of all I want to place a trapdoor
on that glass block
there we go
and
here we are the roof
so the reason why I built the roof out
of dirt is because
if I
Place Moss right here
on the roof
this Moss will spread to the other dirt
blocks around it
and pretty soon this whole roof will be
Moss
and I want the roof to be green to match
the Green Bamboo right here
so that's why I built the roof out of
dirt
I'm going to place Moss
on this side as well
us
all right so it might take a long time
but this Moss will slowly spread
to the dirt blocks around it
all right back down
and I'll place a trapdoor on that glass
as well
there we go
awesome
it's looking good
so now I need to build the enchantment
table and the bookshelves to place
inside so now I'm going back home to
sleep and build an enchanting table and
bookshelves
but first sleep
sleep all right are the bees spinning
no beers
wow
okay let's go upstairs
so to build bookshelves I need books and
wood
and books require leather and paper
so I have 46 leather but only 33 paper
that's actually 38 paper not 33.
I think I'm going to need more paper
so I'm going to collect some sugar cane
because paper is made from sugarcane
sugar cane
lots of sugarcane
all right 63 sugarcane
[Music]
63 sugarcane
I think that's enough all right crafting
table paper
p-a-p-e-r paper all right that should be
enough paper
so now
let's build some books b-o-o-k
books
I can build
33 books
so I need more paper which means I need
more sugar cane
okay now I should have enough sugar cane
p-a-p-e-r
50 more paper and
be okay
books there we go so now I have 46 books
now I'll pick up some wood
[Music]
now that I have wood and books I'm going
to build some bookshelves
b-o-o-k-s-h-e-l-f bookshelf
I can build 15 bookshelves which I think
is the right amount
all right and I have one book one book
left over that's all put
in this chest there we go now I'm going
to build an enchantment table
which means I will need diamonds
obsidian and a book
so I'm going to need to collect some
obsidian
so I'll pick up a bucket
that I'll fill with water
all right I'll fill it with water water
so now I'm heading down into my mine to
search for lava because obsidian is made
when lava oops
I need to eat
diet
I really need to eat
that was close
okay like I was saying
obsidian is made when lava and water
touch so that's why I got this bucket of
water
okay let's look for some lava
I know there's lava around here
somewhere
a mine cart with a chest
what's inside
melon seeds a golden apple
torches
bread
pumpkin seeds
and some rails
lava
I can see some lava
okay oh
okay I'm safe well here's some lava
so I'll place my water on top of the
lava
okay
and it made one obsidian and a bunch of
cobblestone
all right
time to get this obsidian
obsidian is really hard
it can only be picked up with a diamond
pickaxe
so I have one obsidian
so I need four obsidian to build the
enchantment table
so I need three more
and I'll place the water on top
and there we go
I'll place a torch
and I'll pick up this obsidian
there we go
that's two well
I ran out of torches so I had to stop
searching for lava down here in the mine
but I think I might know where some lava
is on the surface
so I'm heading back up to the surface I
think it was in episode 22 where I went
searching for bamboo in the jungle
I saw some trees on fire around here
so I think there might be some lava on
the surface
but where
oh
I think I found it
yeah lava wow all of these trees burned
down
because of the lava
all right
water
wow that's a lot of obsidian
all right
I'm going to collect a lot of this
obsidian more than just four
and I'll show you why a little bit later
but for now I'll pick up all of this
obsidian
all right one more block of obsidian
and there we go
now I have
14 obsidian
which should be enough for everything
that I want to do
so
let's go back home all right we're home
so the first thing that I want to do
with this obsidian is
build another portal
and I already prepared for this nether
portal I'll show you
look at this
I built this right here
to put another portal on top of so the
portal will go right here one two
obsidian
on the corners I'll Place cobblestone
like that
now one two three
obsidian one cobblestone
one two obsidian cobblestone
and three more obsidian one two three
that will be another portal but it needs
one more thing
let's go back up to my chest room okay
I need Flint
and one iron ingot
um
there we go
with flint and an iron ingot I can build
flinton Steel
and flint and steel is used to start
fire
watch
so
finish my portal
I need to ignite a little fire on the
inside of the portal like this watch
there we go my nether portal is complete
all right and there's one final thing
that I want to build with the obsidian
and that of course is the enchantment
table
so
let's pick up this book
and two diamonds one two
now
with one two three four obsidian
two diamonds and one book I can build
an enchantment table or an enchanting
table
all right let's go back to the
enchanting room over there
is the Moss spreading
no not yet
swim swim
[Music]
first
I'm going to place the door
there we go a bamboo door open close
and inside
first I'll place the enchanting table
like that
and now I'll Place Books surrounding the
table
like this one two three four five six
seven eight nine
10 11 12 13 14 15.
15 bookshelves
all right so now I can use the
enchanting table
to enchant my items like my diamond
sword and my diamond pickaxe
using the experience that I can get very
quickly from my XP farm
so in the future I'll be able to enchant
all of my items
awesome
so I think I'm going to end this video
right here
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video you could leave me a
like or hit the Subscribe button and as
always I will see you
in the next video
see ya
[Music]